it's been 5 years since I've want to go
on and boardercross
really realizes that because it have run
halt across and skier crossing but I
have one border crossing four or five
years
seven
drue be evening mm next year a little
mistake with my teammates
next year I take myself back yard sale
football no i sat there and watched on
TV boring
I definitely miss it because I was lost
without it
that's not no fake bullet fassl hi it's
like whatever I'm doing if the cars
parked in the parking lot then you got
to go around like there's security
there's a faster line that I'm gonna I'm
gonna walk that line if there's traffic
you know there's a right-hand lane or a
fast lane that's open then there's you
know a way to get to it that's where I'm
going
can you get back where I belong with
gold medals around my not so that's what
makes me feel like I'm living
I'd like to come back strong at an older
age and let just what I do on the course
speak for itself instead of my loud
mouth once in a while they'll have to
wait another whole year and try to get
me not saying they're gonna hear me
getting cocky I keep coming off the
couch and there's no stop Dixie knows
more because that's part of me that's
who I am and I know in my head that at
35 years old doesn't matter how old you
are you still have it
two years I've got a gold medal or
anything I take myself as the underdog
this year but you think I'm gonna go to
the gate thinking that go to the gate
stressed angry and ready to win as usual
because I have to fall if I first you
win everything
that's what you think that's what you do
I have to win or miserable it's pure
it's the only thing that satisfies you
that's good
there's no reason for second place
so will you go home
it's simple